feature/UI-1570 update tech stack (#2)
schibsted/m10s-identity-sdk-android-web: README.md

> # m10s Identity Android SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Schibsted Account Android SDK for Marketplaces
```

![Build Status](https://github.com/schibsted/m10s-identity-sdk-android-web/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)
![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/schibsted/account-sdk-android-web)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-Android%2021%2B-orange.svg?style=flat)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://github.com/schibsted/account-sdk-android-web/blob/master/LICENSE)

> New implementation of the m10s Identity Android SDK using the web flows via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New implementation of the Schibsted Accoung Android SDK for Martkeplaces using the web flows via
```

[Custom Tabs](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/android/custom-tabs/overview/):

* API documentation can be
  found [here](https://schibsted.github.io/m10s-identity-sdk-android-web/).
* An example implementation of the SDK can be found
  [here](https://github.com/schibsted/m10s-identity-sdk-android-web/tree/master/app/src/main/java/com/m10s/identity/example).

## Getting started

> To implement login with m10s Identity in your app, please first have a look at our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement login with Schibsted Account for Marketplaces in your app, please first have a look at our
```
